XDR IR fix when close_xdr_incident is False (#37172)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_88.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue with outgoing mirroring where closing an incident in XSOAR with close_xdr_incident set to False resulted in a 400 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with outgoing mirroring when closing an incident in Cortex XSOAR with *close_xdr_incident* set to False resulted in a 400 error.
```
